content/episode/2017/12/05mt3-before-releasing-the-big-marble.md, before:

---
title: "mt3: before releasing the big marble"
tags: [ "mt3", "video", "before" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2017-12-05T13:46:08+09:00
---

## 13:46 Tuesday 05 December 2017 JST

I worked on MT3 in two parts today.  Right around 2 hours total, I
think, not including letting glue dry (during which I ate lunch and
had a nice nap).  I found a pretty good technique for keeping the
large marble in place: using a twist tie looped around the track seems
to do the trick.  If I had taken the time to figure that out before I
had the guy push the big marble up the M Splitter, he would have been
able to walk up on both rails.  As it is, he had one foot down and one
foot up, lodged betwen the rail and the marble to keep it from
rolling.

Now, as of the last frame in the video below, the marble is being kept
in place with a twist tie.  I have marked some graduated lines on
Dragonframe to show how far the marble should move between frames.
Should be pretty easy to do the next frames, and if I can get the
timing right, I will have the marble push the white bar into the back
wall, just as a visual gag and exposition of just how massive the big
marble is.

{{< youtube shsPhHuw--k >}}

Two live streams from today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz0WYJAiIc4 and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uneHQljsOc

Since June 2017, I have spent
[4.8+ days](
http://grun1.com/utils/timeCalc.html?t1=4:14:42&c1=June%202017%204:14:42&t2=10:16:10&c2=July%202017%2010:16:10&t3=26:12:06&c3=Aug%202017%2026:12:06&t4=29:46:54&c4=Sep%202017%2029:46:54&t5=14:55:11&c5=Oct%202017%2014:55:11&t6=29:39:56&c6=Nov%202017%2029:39:56&t7=1:05:07&c7=5%20Dec%202017&t8=55:31&c8=5%20Dec%202017&mode=0&fs3=1&ft2=1&f3t1=1&f4t0=1&d=:&o10=1&fps=
) on Marble Track 3.

Commit message:

Put youtube URL in most pages' front matter
Removed date as ## H2 from most pages

content/episode/2017/12/05mt3-before-releasing-the-big-marble.md, after:

---
title: "mt3: before releasing the big marble"
tags: [ "mt3", "video", "before" ]
author: Rob Nugen
youtube: Gz0WYJAiIc4
date: 2017-12-05T13:46:08+09:00
---

I worked on MT3 in two parts today.  Right around 2 hours total, I
think, not including letting glue dry (during which I ate lunch and
had a nice nap).  I found a pretty good technique for keeping the
large marble in place: using a twist tie looped around the track seems
to do the trick.  If I had taken the time to figure that out before I
had the guy push the big marble up the M Splitter, he would have been
able to walk up on both rails.  As it is, he had one foot down and one
foot up, lodged betwen the rail and the marble to keep it from
rolling.

Now, as of the last frame in the video below, the marble is being kept
in place with a twist tie.  I have marked some graduated lines on
Dragonframe to show how far the marble should move between frames.
Should be pretty easy to do the next frames, and if I can get the
timing right, I will have the marble push the white bar into the back
wall, just as a visual gag and exposition of just how massive the big
marble is.

{{< youtube shsPhHuw--k >}}

Second of two live streams from today:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uneHQljsOc

Since June 2017, I have spent
[4.8+ days](
http://grun1.com/utils/timeCalc.html?t1=4:14:42&c1=June%202017%204:14:42&t2=10:16:10&c2=July%202017%2010:16:10&t3=26:12:06&c3=Aug%202017%2026:12:06&t4=29:46:54&c4=Sep%202017%2029:46:54&t5=14:55:11&c5=Oct%202017%2014:55:11&t6=29:39:56&c6=Nov%202017%2029:39:56&t7=1:05:07&c7=5%20Dec%202017&t8=55:31&c8=5%20Dec%202017&mode=0&fs3=1&ft2=1&f3t1=1&f4t0=1&d=:&o10=1&fps=
) on Marble Track 3.
