content/episode/2018/11/01mr-greene-ghosts.md, before:

---
title: "Mr Greene ghosts"
tags: [ "mt3", "snippet", "livestream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
youtube: 524jd-LL9gQ
episode_image: https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/2018_nov_01_mr_greene_ghosts.jpg
date: 2018-11-01T10:08:50+09:00
---

Today I realized I had made a mistake moving Mr Greene *over* the
Lower Zig Zag and Triple Splitter.  I knew he could pass through
walls, but there was no reason for his body to pass over them instead
of just walk right through them.

Here are the frames I ended up with today.

[![00010 002 10 X1 0155](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0155.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0155.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0156](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0156.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0156.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0157](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0157.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0157.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0161](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0161.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0161.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0162](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0162.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0162.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0163](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0163.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0163.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0164](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0164.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0164.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0165](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0165.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0165.jpg)

Here is the snippet which includes the above 8 frames in the last 3/4ths of a second.

{{< youtube ryMwPICAhC4 >}}

Commit message:

Patrons can see three cut frames

content/episode/2018/11/01mr-greene-ghosts.md, after:

---
title: "Mr Greene ghosts"
tags: [ "mt3", "snippet", "livestream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
youtube: 524jd-LL9gQ
episode_image: https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/2018_nov_01_mr_greene_ghosts.jpg
date: 2018-11-01T10:08:50+09:00
---

Today I realized I had made a mistake moving Mr Greene *over* the
Lower Zig Zag and Triple Splitter.  I knew he could pass through
walls, but there was no reason for his body to pass over them instead
of just walk right through them.

That means I had to delete three images, which are [available to Patrons](https://www.patreon.com/posts/sometimes-photos-22432799)!  Here are the frames I ended up with today.

[![00010 002 10 X1 0155](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0155.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0155.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0156](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0156.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0156.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0157](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0157.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0157.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0161](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0161.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0161.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0162](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0162.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0162.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0163](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0163.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0163.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0164](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0164.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0164.jpg)
[![00010 002 10 X1 0165](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/thumbs/00010_002_10_X1_0165.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/frames/2018/00010_002_10_X1_0165.jpg)

Here is the snippet which includes the above 8 frames in the last 3/4ths of a second.

{{< youtube ryMwPICAhC4 >}}
