content/parts/back_right_medium_landing_zone.md, before:

+++
title = "Back Right Medium Landing Zone"
type = "parts"
Thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/thumbs/2018_nov_17_back_right_medium_landing_zone_end.jpg"
Image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2018_nov_17_back_right_medium_landing_zone_end.jpg"
Description = "Back Right Medium Landing Zone"
weight = 0055
workers = [
    "mr_mcglue",
    "squarehead"
]
Aliases = [
    "/p/brmlz"
]
+++

This landing zone balances the Front Left Medium Landing Zone, and
will eventually be fed by the Triple Splitter.  It has a toothpick
placed at an angle to keep marbles from rolling back once they arrive
at the end.

[![2018 nov 17 back right medium landing zone side](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/thumbs/2018_nov_17_back_right_medium_landing_zone_side.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2018_nov_17_back_right_medium_landing_zone_side.jpg)
[![2018 nov 17 blue marble on back right medium landing zone 1](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/thumbs/2018_nov_17_blue_marble_on_back_right_medium_landing_zone_1.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2018_nov_17_blue_marble_on_back_right_medium_landing_zone_1.jpg)
[![2018 nov 17 blue marble on back right medium landing zone 2](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/thumbs/2018_nov_17_blue_marble_on_back_right_medium_landing_zone_2.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2018_nov_17_blue_marble_on_back_right_medium_landing_zone_2.jpg)

Commit message:

Add construction history to Back Right Medium Landing Zone

content/parts/back_right_medium_landing_zone.md, after:

+++
title = "Back Right Medium Landing Zone"
type = "parts"
Thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/thumbs/2018_nov_17_back_right_medium_landing_zone_end.jpg"
Image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2018_nov_17_back_right_medium_landing_zone_end.jpg"
Description = "Back Right Medium Landing Zone"
weight = 0055
workers = [
    "mr_mcglue",
    "squarehead"
]
Aliases = [
    "/p/brmlz"
]
+++

This landing zone balances the Front Left Medium Landing Zone, and
will eventually be fed by the Triple Splitter.  It has a toothpick
placed at an angle to keep marbles from rolling back once they arrive
at the end.

[![2018 nov 17 back right medium landing zone side](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/thumbs/2018_nov_17_back_right_medium_landing_zone_side.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2018_nov_17_back_right_medium_landing_zone_side.jpg)

[![2018 nov 17 blue marble on back right medium landing zone 2](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/thumbs/2018_nov_17_blue_marble_on_back_right_medium_landing_zone_2.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2018_nov_17_blue_marble_on_back_right_medium_landing_zone_2.jpg)

#### Construction history

As of Nov 2018, this landing zone is not yet connected to the Triple Spliter.  That's somewhat of a problem because the [Lower Zig Zag](/p/lzz) makes it hard to put anything under the Triple Splitter, much less a medium track.  Good thing it only needs to be short and straight.
