content/parts/caret-splitter-right-hand-inner-side.md, before:

+++
title = "Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side"
type = "parts"
tags = [ "csrhis", "berm" ]
image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_21.jpg"
thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_21.jpg"
description = "Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side"
workers = [
    "mr_mcglued",
    "g_choppy",
	"reversible"
]
aliases = [
    "/p/csrhis"
]
date = 2019-02-10T21:34:06+09:00
+++

The Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side should keep small marbles on
track once they eventually can use the right hand side of the
[Caret Splitter](/p/cs).  The plan is to use the [Caret Splitter Rudder](/p/csr) to push the pieces
towa... oh that won't work well UNLESS the medium marbles push the
rudder and ensure they themselves will only go down the track IFF the
rudder is pushed toward the right, to send them down toward the left.


History:

* 2019 Feb 22: [Reversible Guy](/w/rg) brought Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side to [Caret Splitter Right Track](/p/csrt)

[![2019 feb 22 rg brings csrhis 22](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_22.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_22.jpg)
[![2019 feb 22 rg brings csrhis 20](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_20.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_20.jpg)

* 2019 Feb 10: Decided to be a piece which would go on the right hand
  side of the [Caret Splitter](/p/cs)

* 2019 Feb 09: Held by [Reversible Guy](/w/rg) after [G Choppy](/w/gc)
  cut it from the top of the
  [Ninth Placed Outer Spiral Support](/p/9poss)

[![2019 feb 10 future csrhis](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_10_future_csrhis.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_10_future_csrhis.jpg)

Commit message:

Glued Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side

content/parts/caret-splitter-right-hand-inner-side.md, after:

+++
title = "Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side"
type = "parts"
tags = [ "csrhis", "berm" ]
image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_26_caret_splitter_right_hand_inner_side.jpg"
thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_26_caret_splitter_right_hand_inner_side.jpg"
description = "Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side"
workers = [
    "mr_mcglued",
    "g_choppy",
	"reversible"
]
aliases = [
    "/p/csrhis"
]
date = 2019-02-10T21:34:06+09:00
+++

The Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side should keep small marbles on
track once they eventually can use the right hand side of the
[Caret Splitter](/p/cs).  The plan is to use the [Caret Splitter Rudder](/p/csr) to push the pieces
towa... oh that won't work well UNLESS the medium marbles push the
rudder and ensure they themselves will only go down the track IFF the
rudder is pushed toward the right, to send them down toward the left.


History:

* 2019 Feb 26: Reversible Guy put the bar in place.

[![2019 feb 26 caret splitter with right hand inner side](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_26_caret_splitter_with_right_hand_inner_side.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_26_caret_splitter_with_right_hand_inner_side.jpg)

* 2019 Feb 22: [Reversible Guy](/w/rg) brought Caret Splitter Right Hand Inner Side to [Caret Splitter Right Track](/p/csrt)

[![2019 feb 22 rg brings csrhis 22](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_22.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_22.jpg)
[![2019 feb 22 rg brings csrhis 20](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_20.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_22_rg_brings_csrhis_20.jpg)

* 2019 Feb 10: Decided to be a piece which would go on the right hand
  side of the [Caret Splitter](/p/cs)

* 2019 Feb 09: Held by [Reversible Guy](/w/rg) after [G Choppy](/w/gc)
  cut it from the top of the
  [Ninth Placed Outer Spiral Support](/p/9poss)

[![2019 feb 10 future csrhis](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_feb_10_future_csrhis.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_feb_10_future_csrhis.jpg)
