content/parts/caret-splitter-feeder-extension-reflection.md, before:

+++
title = "Caret Splitter Feeder Extension Reflection"
type = "parts"
tags = [ "caret", "horizontal", "small", "medium", "track" ]
image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_jan_02_caret_splitter_feeder_extension_reflection_stand-in.jpg"
thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_jan_02_caret_splitter_feeder_extension_reflection_stand-in.jpg"
description = "Caret Splitter Feeder Extension Reflection"
weight = 0520
workers = [
	"squarehead",
    "mr_mcglues",
    "g_choppys"
]
aliases = [
    "/p/csfer"
]
date = 2019-01-02T22:34:20+09:00
+++

This piece will essentially roll small and medium marbles from the
middle of the track to bounce off the outer spiral and then into the
[Caret Splitter](/p/cs) via its [Feeder](/p/csf) and [Extension](/p/csfe).

History:

* 2019 Jan 02: Planned to be brought onto the set by [Squarehead](/w/square).

[![2019 jan 02 caret splitter feeder extension reflection stand-in](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_jan_02_caret_splitter_feeder_extension_reflection_stand-in.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_jan_02_caret_splitter_feeder_extension_reflection_stand-in.jpg)

Commit message:

Added three entries and two parts
* Eighth Placed Outer Spiral Support
* Caret Splitter Feeder Extension Reflection Stanchion

content/parts/caret-splitter-feeder-extension-reflection.md, after:

+++
title = "Caret Splitter Feeder Extension Reflection"
type = "parts"
tags = [ "caret", "horizontal", "small", "medium", "track" ]
image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_jan_02_caret_splitter_feeder_extension_reflection_stand-in.jpg"
thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_jan_02_caret_splitter_feeder_extension_reflection_stand-in.jpg"
description = "Caret Splitter Feeder Extension Reflection"
workers = [
	"squarehead",
    "mr_mcglues",
    "g_choppys"
]
aliases = [
    "/p/csfer"
]
date = 2019-01-02T22:34:20+09:00
+++

This piece will essentially roll small and medium marbles from the
middle of the track to bounce off the outer spiral and then into the
[Caret Splitter](/p/cs) via its [Feeder](/p/csf) and [Extension](/p/csfe).

Will be supported by the [Caret Splitter Feeder Extension Reflection Stanchion](/p/csfers).

History:

* 2019 Jan 02: Planned to be brought onto the set by [Squarehead](/w/square).

[![2019 jan 02 caret splitter feeder extension reflection stand-in](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/thumbs/2019_jan_02_caret_splitter_feeder_extension_reflection_stand-in.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/track/parts/2019/2019_jan_02_caret_splitter_feeder_extension_reflection_stand-in.jpg)
