content/parts/medium-catcher-below-triple-splitter.md, before:

+++
title = "Medium Catcher Below Triple Splitter"
type = "parts"
tags = [ "oval", "medium" ]
thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/thumbs/2018_Dec_20_medium_catcher_below_triple_splitter.jpg"
image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/2018_Dec_20_medium_catcher_below_triple_splitter.jpg"
description = "Medium Catcher Below Triple Splitter"
weight = 0520
workers = [
    "mr_mcglue",
    "lil_brother"
]
aliases = [
    "/p/mcbts"
]
date = 2018-12-20T17:49:46+09:00
+++


https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/2018_Dec_20_medium_catcher_below_triple_splitter_overview.jpg

The Medium Catcher Below [Triple Splitter](/p/ts) is an oval which
guides medium marbles toward the
[Back Right Medium Landing Zone](/p/brmlz).

It was carried into place by Little Brother, who held it while the
real glue dried, and had to stay put until Mr McGlue came to glue it
in the movie.

History:

* 20 Dec 2018: [Little Brother](/w/lil) is holding the piece until Mr McGlue can glue it in place.

Here he is practicing said support.

https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/2018_Dec_20_lil_brother_practicing_holding_mcbts.jpg

Commit message:

Add images and history to two splitter-related parts

content/parts/medium-catcher-below-triple-splitter.md, after:

+++
title = "Medium Catcher Below Triple Splitter"
type = "parts"
tags = [ "oval", "medium" ]
thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/thumbs/2018_Dec_20_medium_catcher_below_triple_splitter.jpg"
image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/2018_Dec_20_medium_catcher_below_triple_splitter.jpg"
description = "Medium Catcher Below Triple Splitter"
weight = 0520
workers = [
    "mr_mcglue",
    "lil_brother"
]
aliases = [
    "/p/mcbts"
]
date = 2018-12-20T17:49:46+09:00
+++


[![2018 Dec 20 medium catcher below triple splitter overview](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/thumbs/2018_Dec_20_medium_catcher_below_triple_splitter_overview.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/2018_Dec_20_medium_catcher_below_triple_splitter_overview.jpg)

The Medium Catcher Below [Triple Splitter](/p/ts) is an oval which
guides medium marbles toward the
[Back Right Medium Landing Zone](/p/brmlz).

It was carried into place by Little Brother, who held it while the
real glue dried, and had to stay put until Mr McGlue came to glue it
in the movie.

History:

* 27 Dec 2018: Squarehead has picked up the [Two Ends Chopped Off Triple Splitter](/p/tecots) and is bringing them to be used on the Medium Catcher Below Triple Splitter.
* 20 Dec 2018: [Little Brother](/w/lil) is holding the piece until Mr McGlue can glue it in place.

Here he is practicing said support.

[![2018 Dec 20 lil brother practicing holding mcbts](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/thumbs/2018_Dec_20_lil_brother_practicing_holding_mcbts.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2018/2018_Dec_20_lil_brother_practicing_holding_mcbts.jpg)
