content/parts/triple-splitter-small-feeder.md, before:

+++
title = "Triple Splitter Small Feeder"
type = "parts"
tags = [ "small", "horizontal", "part" ]
image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/workers/2019/2019_jan_01_backpack_jack_awaits.jpg"
thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/workers/2019/thumbs/2019_jan_01_backpack_jack_awaits.jpg"
description = "Triple Splitter Small Feeder"
workers = [
	"backpack_jack",
    "mr_mcglues",
    "g_choppys"
]
aliases = [
    "/p/tssf"
]
date = 2018-12-27T19:14:58+09:00
+++

This piece will guide small marbles from an as-yet-unnamed splitter which will deliver small marbles to both the Lower Zig Zag and this piece.

History:

* 2019 Jan 01: Backpack Jack carried skewer to be the Triple Splitter Small Feeder

[![2019 jan 01 backpack jack awaits](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/workers/2019/thumbs/2019_jan_01_backpack_jack_awaits.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/workers/2019/2019_jan_01_backpack_jack_awaits.jpg)

* 2018 Dec 27: Planned to be installed soon after installing
  [Seventh Placed Outer Spiral Support](/p/7poss)

Commit message:

Create 1st and 2nd TSSFB based on TSSF, which is the track, not the rails

content/parts/triple-splitter-small-feeder.md, after:

+++
title = "Triple Splitter Small Feeder"
type = "parts"
tags = [ "small", "horizontal", "part" ]
image = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/workers/2019/2019_jan_01_backpack_jack_awaits.jpg"
thumbnail = "https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/workers/2019/thumbs/2019_jan_01_backpack_jack_awaits.jpg"
description = "Triple Splitter Small Feeder"
workers = [
	"backpack_jack",
    "mr_mcglues",
    "g_choppys"
]
aliases = [
    "/p/tssf"
]
date = 2018-12-27T19:14:58+09:00
+++

To be composed of the
[1st Triple Splitter Small Feeder Bar](/p/1tssfb) and the
[2nd Triple Splitter Small Feeder Bar](/p/2tssfb), this track will
guide small marbles from an as-yet-unnamed splitter which will deliver
small marbles to both the [Lower Zig Zag](/p/lzz) and this track.

This track will feed marbles into the [Triple Splitter](/p/ts) from
the counter-clockwise direction, opposite the way large and medium
marbles will be fed into the [Triple Splitter](/p/ts) via the
[Outer Spiral](/p/os).

History:

* 2019 Jan 01: Backpack Jack carried skewer to be the Triple Splitter Small Feeder

[![2019 jan 01 backpack jack awaits](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/workers/2019/thumbs/2019_jan_01_backpack_jack_awaits.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/workers/2019/2019_jan_01_backpack_jack_awaits.jpg)

* 2018 Dec 27: Planned to be installed soon after installing
  [Seventh Placed Outer Spiral Support](/p/7poss), with vague plans to
  make some kind of switch near the top of the Triple Splitter Small
  Feeder.
