content/episode/2017/11/25mt3-fully-glued-half-of-m-splitter.md, before:

---
title: "mt3: Fully glued half of M splitter"
tags: [ "mt3", "video" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2017-11-25T12:07:59+09:00
---

## 12:07 Saturday 25 November 2017 JST

Only one hour so far today on Marble Track 3.

[![2017 nov 25 top view half glued half m dropper](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2017/thumbs/2017_nov_25_top_view_half_glued_half_m_dropper.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2017/2017_nov_25_top_view_half_glued_half_m_dropper.jpg)
[![2017 nov 25 fully glued half m dropper](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2017/thumbs/2017_nov_25_fully_glued_half_m_dropper.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2017/2017_nov_25_fully_glued_half_m_dropper.jpg)

The images above show the track before and after having glued the
second support on the first half of what I am calling the M Dropper or
M Splitter.  It will split the medium sized marbles off the large
marble track by being too wide for the medium sized marbles to touch
both sides of the track.

35 more minutes during this break to let the glue dry, and then I will
hopefully get the second half of this track glued today and have the M
Dropper working yay!

## 15:32

Well I haven't yet glued the second half, but I did get to the point
where I need to clip the first half, so I just bought some clippers
(whereas I had hoped to buy a saw blade for my drill).

## 17:31 Saturday 25 November 2017 JST

The new clippers are pretty great!

Now three of four points are glued on the M dropper.

{{< youtube jmGdVsuxa7M >}}

This video has Jennie in 6 or so frames near the end.

https://youtu.be/Yn5x7M6uZ_A

Commit message:

Put youtube URL in most pages' front matter
Removed date as ## H2 from most pages

content/episode/2017/11/25mt3-fully-glued-half-of-m-splitter.md, after:

---
title: "mt3: Fully glued half of M splitter"
tags: [ "mt3", "video" ]
author: Rob Nugen
youtube: jmGdVsuxa7M
date: 2017-11-25T12:07:59+09:00
---

## 12:07 Saturday 25 November 2017 JST

Only one hour so far today on Marble Track 3.

[![2017 nov 25 top view half glued half m dropper](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2017/thumbs/2017_nov_25_top_view_half_glued_half_m_dropper.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2017/2017_nov_25_top_view_half_glued_half_m_dropper.jpg)
[![2017 nov 25 fully glued half m dropper](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2017/thumbs/2017_nov_25_fully_glued_half_m_dropper.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/construction/2017/2017_nov_25_fully_glued_half_m_dropper.jpg)

The images above show the track before and after having glued the
second support on the first half of what I am calling the M Dropper or
M Splitter.  It will split the medium sized marbles off the large
marble track by being too wide for the medium sized marbles to touch
both sides of the track.

35 more minutes during this break to let the glue dry, and then I will
hopefully get the second half of this track glued today and have the M
Dropper working yay!

## 15:32

Well I haven't yet glued the second half, but I did get to the point
where I need to clip the first half, so I just bought some clippers
(whereas I had hoped to buy a saw blade for my drill).

## 17:31 Saturday 25 November 2017 JST

The new clippers are pretty great!

As of the video above, three of four points are glued on the M dropper.

This video has Jennie in 6 or so frames near the end.

{{< youtube Yn5x7M6uZ_A >}}
