content/episode/2017/11/29mt3-guy-fell-off-stage-after-ramp-was-overturned.md, before:

---
title: "guy fell off stage after ramp was overturned"
tags: [ "mt3", "video" ]
author: Rob Nugen
youtube: n9n6qG0FJGs
episode_image: https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/website/2018_sep_02_mt3_placeholder.png
date: 2017-11-29T15:39:28+09:00
---

## 15:39 Wednesday 29 November 2017 JST

I finally glued the last piece of the M Splitter.. and it works!
Marbles roll down it faster than I had hoped, so I considered lowering
it.. but there is *just* enough room for the small marbles to roll
*under* that track and onto the small marble track which has walls on
it, if I lower one of the walls.

Unfortunately, that wall is also the support for the track, so it will
be tricky to cut.  I might have to use the dremel or something..

Oh, so while installing the supports for the M Splitter, the
red-and-white headed character knocked over the ramp.  Then the
character who helped install the ramp fell off the stage where the
ramp had been.

Since June 2017, I have spent
[4.7+ days](
http://grun1.com/utils/timeCalc.html?t1=4:14:42&c1=June%202017%204:14:42&t2=10:16:10&c2=July%202017%2010:16:10&t3=26:12:06&c3=Aug%202017%2026:12:06&t4=29:46:54&c4=Sep%202017%2029:46:54&t5=14:55:11&c5=Oct%202017%2014:55:11&t6=2:19:13&c6=2%20Nov%202017&t7=1:54:31&c7=6%20Nov%202017&t8=47:52&c8=6%20Nov%202017&t9=2:25:09&c9=7%20Nov%202017&t10=1:25:57&c10=9%20Nov%202017&t11=2:13:11&c11=9%20Nov%202017&t12=1:54:05&c12=10%20Nov%202017&t13=1:41:17&c13=13%20Nov%202017&t14=1:25:43&c14=16%20Nov%202017&t15=2:36:02&c15=18%20Nov%202017&t16=1:24:14&c16=20%20Nov%202017&t17=1:06:59&c17=22%20Nov%202017&t18=2:15:43&c18=23%20Nov%202017&t19=1:01:18&c19=24%20Nov%202017&t20=1:15:56&c20=24%20Nov&t21=1:39:59&c21=25%20Nov&t22=1:04:31&c22=27%20Nov&t23=1:08:16&c23=28%20Nov&mode=0&fs3=1&ft2=1&f3t1=1&f4t0=1&d=:&o10=1&fps=
) on Marble Track 3.

Commit message:

fall after ramp overturned | Use livestream as episode video for 2017/11/29mt3-guy-fell-off-stage-after-ramp-was-overturned.md

content/episode/2017/11/29mt3-guy-fell-off-stage-after-ramp-was-overturned.md, after:

---
title: "guy fell off stage after ramp was overturned"
tags: [ "mt3", "video" ]
author: Rob Nugen
youtube: O2Q8gKv5BeI
episode_image: https://b.robnugen.com/art/marble_track_3/website/2018_sep_02_mt3_placeholder.png
date: 2017-11-29T15:39:28+09:00
---

## 15:39 Wednesday 29 November 2017 JST

I finally glued the last piece of the M Splitter.. and it works!
Marbles roll down it faster than I had hoped, so I considered lowering
it.. but there is *just* enough room for the small marbles to roll
*under* that track and onto the small marble track which has walls on
it, if I lower one of the walls.

Unfortunately, that wall is also the support for the track, so it will
be tricky to cut.  I might have to use the dremel or something..

Oh, so while installing the supports for the M Splitter, the
red-and-white headed character knocked over the ramp.  Then the
character who helped install the ramp fell off the stage where the
ramp had been.

Since June 2017, I have spent
[4.7+ days](
http://grun1.com/utils/timeCalc.html?t1=4:14:42&c1=June%202017%204:14:42&t2=10:16:10&c2=July%202017%2010:16:10&t3=26:12:06&c3=Aug%202017%2026:12:06&t4=29:46:54&c4=Sep%202017%2029:46:54&t5=14:55:11&c5=Oct%202017%2014:55:11&t6=2:19:13&c6=2%20Nov%202017&t7=1:54:31&c7=6%20Nov%202017&t8=47:52&c8=6%20Nov%202017&t9=2:25:09&c9=7%20Nov%202017&t10=1:25:57&c10=9%20Nov%202017&t11=2:13:11&c11=9%20Nov%202017&t12=1:54:05&c12=10%20Nov%202017&t13=1:41:17&c13=13%20Nov%202017&t14=1:25:43&c14=16%20Nov%202017&t15=2:36:02&c15=18%20Nov%202017&t16=1:24:14&c16=20%20Nov%202017&t17=1:06:59&c17=22%20Nov%202017&t18=2:15:43&c18=23%20Nov%202017&t19=1:01:18&c19=24%20Nov%202017&t20=1:15:56&c20=24%20Nov&t21=1:39:59&c21=25%20Nov&t22=1:04:31&c22=27%20Nov&t23=1:08:16&c23=28%20Nov&mode=0&fs3=1&ft2=1&f3t1=1&f4t0=1&d=:&o10=1&fps=
) on Marble Track 3.


Here is the most recent video snippet.  The last bit is from today.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9n6qG0FJGs
